Thanks, guys, beauty, 26 plus one.
video this time
good guys everything here a video is from
purchases from March to
I intend to do a series so kind
purchases of the month would basically be the
buy games here but will not do
start now and March because March playing
The only one who has gambling has gambling that has
some games that have already premiered
Time, but I'm here to buy it.
to
So, we're going to leave for the first time.
Image
my god beauty spirits eight items ae
edson that wanted to buy in bulk
Cooper will be rich and will buy everything.
it has not're no money for everything
that
but that would be my wish is not only good
March Farc is March 9 thief
February is also tomb raider
debuted February and it's good to have these four
so then
Otherwise I do not have the others
videogames other platforms and not
It would be far more thing that our the
two lego soph was the control function
March someone but what I intended
buy is good the daughter from above your
preferences and the low sound here are
to have money left over with basically
targeting your March purchase we
We're being half of March.
for account 120 I know I'm going to buy
That's only from day 20 on
magic tip is covered
When I will talk, will not you?
I think everyone has talked 20th
money saved too and I do not know who
remembers that my mother has a trace
with me if I read three books she would
I gave a game so I won a game there
more
good software package only good for
wonderful sensational game surety that
time is this game make series for
who then channel or talk to do not want
But you, what's cool, I, everyone.
will vote lego marvel power channel and me
I want to play marvel I'm more
anxious for the ego greater than the lego
in the videogame have a notion because I
I never fought a job but I really want to
play what ever three of these people is
f March 14 and April have to have a
fifa type fencing to play any
match fifa type avenue everything be one
party the ultimate team was
championship game more than your
friends, then get legal and workshops
reasons to buy control for
who comes at home and plays together stays right?
the mech also thinks about recording some
invited because it gave two
grandchildren
so this is not ugly enough has neither
What to say that made one more
the most anticipated game of fear here
I think it's wonderful .
playstation 4 mano there just know that
business is going to be crazy I'm going to buy
sick plan to buy in debut
make the pre-purchase right?
and I'll always do the channel is day 21
March already got the game of 21
March already tried to put a cell on 22nd day I
I came back and robots video of sick all the
day because every day and there the confusion
other series maybe a few days in 12
videos or some series of video
disney write
so yoki so I wanted to get it over soon
before you are a femur if you do not
Being too series is bad.
Okay, so now the control is down.
more then altona doubt because you have face
A motor is also bad because I played
battery to be playing with the cord
New lego I want a lot of game too
I do not know if it was another weapon
I final of tea and take these
two there from the left corner
I'm just going to buy it if I had an audience.
enough money left over that was not the
case
It's then the team I already arranged with my friend.
Argentine trash micoa follows I think
he will borrow the finep he has already generated
I borrowed it and I do not even think
that we will also need what unites them
but I think I am too I go
then pick up an exchange between the
however shock so I think I
I never needed to buy from the creek.
proposal and 3 but the final of tea
much nicer and there at 60fps type
much of the time but I do not know it
Story, I got it.
has very good buy because then there already
comes with 2 braille heads and
I like rock are good and I like
white did ok that six items that
left over, I can buy four
telling that business to read three books
It's just that I'm going to have to read a book now.
where free garbage has been freed but
beauty am then I'll be able to buy 4 and
then my final decision was the style is
even google expects and controls
also wait is because i thought i can
buy the legal control but I let
to win a game and play the important thing
so I'm going to buy the software brand
I'm going to buy fifa or in females and
Lego marks ok
probably around the 20th and
roll in my contact at the guy's shop
It is there that you have of each one for these prisoners
there it appeared to be low of 180
each - only part 150 each folder already makes
discuss it beauty buy everything and do
series of three less than the son was who
there is no internet
so this is what i hope
If I like this video, the
sea ​​if you want to give some opinion on
under a game, right?
an is cement season and has been a month
so it can be said more because the
Basque has a lot of game so that's why I
I'll buy more, but I 'll wait.
that in the other months do not have as many
games ok I'm already saving space
for the hot dog just né
but I hope you do not have too many games
in other months because I am in order to
save and buy some new console
in case the river is thinking of buying
a wine and after the river buy an xbox
wanna rock up to 30 save that will be
a new game I will not save what
wants to buy something new new tom game
so this is it people I hope you have
liked this video will not let your
favorite place with entering underneath you
do not sign up for hockey and check
series that are now having in the channel
nerds at last writing here and that's it
Okay, so I said